What’s in these terms?

This terms of use policy and other applicable terms of conditions sets out the content standards and contains rules that apply when you interact and use with our site.

Who we are and how to contact us

https://propques.com/  is a site operated by propques =service pvt, a subsidiary of propques (“We”). We are registered in banglore India and have our registered office at Naagarbhaavi, Banglore 3rd floor, Tushar Arcade, Service Road, Naagarbhaavi, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560072

We are a limited company.

To contact us, please email Buzz@propques.com or telephone our customer service line on +91 7392037856.

By using our site you accept these terms

By using our site, you confirm that you accept the terms of this policy and that you agree to comply with them.

If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site.

We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference.

There are other terms that may apply to you

These terms of use and other applicable terms of conditions refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:

Our Privacy Policy (https://propques.com/privacy). See further under See further under how we may use your personal information.
Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
We may make changes to the terms of this policy

We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time.

We may make changes to our site

We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect changes to our services, our users’ needs and our business priorities.

We may suspend or withdraw our site

Our site is made available free of charge.

We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.

You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.

We may transfer this agreement to someone else

We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organisation. We will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract.

How you may use material on our site

We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.

You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.

You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.

Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.

You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a license to do so from us or our licensors.

If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use and other applicable terms of conditions, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.

Prohibited uses

You may use our site only for lawful purposes.  You may not use our site:

In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation.
In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect.
For the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way.
To bully, insult, intimidate or humiliate any person.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam).
To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You also agree:

Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the provisions of our terms of website use.
Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of our site;
any equipment or network on which our site is stored;
any software used in the provision of our site; or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
Interactive services

We may from time to time provide interactive services on our site, including, without limitation:

Chat rooms.
Bulletin boards.
(interactive services.)

Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).

We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for children) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our site, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.

The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not fool proof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.

Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.

Do not rely on information on this site

The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.

Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date.

We are not responsible for websites we link to

Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them.

We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.

Breach of this policy

When we consider that a breach of this terms of use policy and other applicable terms of conditions has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.

Failure to comply with this terms of use policy and other applicable terms of conditions constitutes a material breach of the terms of use and other applicable terms of conditions upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:

Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site.
Issue of a warning to you.
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
Further legal action against you.
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary or as required by law.
We exclude our liability for all action we may take in response to breaches of this terms of use policy and other applicable terms of conditions. The actions we may take are not limited to those described above, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.

How to complain about content uploaded by other users

If you wish to complain about content uploaded by other users, please contact us on Buzz@propques.com.

Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you

Whether you are a consumer or a business user:

We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any services to you, which will be set out in our terms and conditions for supply.
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it.
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
In particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
You agree to use our site solely for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
How we may use your personal information

We will only use your personal information as set out in our Privacy Policy.

We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them

We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.

You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.

You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.

Rules about linking to our site

You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.

You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.

You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.

Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.

We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.

The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our terms.

If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact Buzz@propques.com.

Which country’s laws apply to any disputes?

If you are a consumer, please note that the terms of this policy, its subject matter and its formation are governed by Indian law. You and we both agree that the courts of India will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Bengaluru, Karnataka you may also bring proceedings in Bengaluru, Karnataka, and if you are resident of Bengaluru, you may also bring proceedings in Karnataka.

If you are a business, the terms of this policy, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by Indian law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India.

